
Filipp Otto 2:51 AM
Hi, there. Python | Django | Laravel | CI | ReactJS | NodeJS | VueJS | MERN Stack HERE



I have 10+ years of experience in webdev, of which last five are in Full Stack development. Actually, I am language agnostic, which means that language by itself is not very significant for me -- they are all the same; but platform, paradigm and typical architecture of language specific solutions could make the difference.



On the one hand, I am very interested in building application architectures, developing theme and solving the business tasks with use of technology rather than making the thing just for making them. On the other hand, I like to create some experimental applications for fun if I see a problem (business or real-life) to be solved, and usually these applications spill over into lot of coding with new technologies and techniques.



• Framework: Django, Laravel, Codeigniter, YII etc
• Language: Python, PHP
• Scripting: JavaScript, AngularJS, NodeJS, ReactJS, VueJS, D3JS etc



I do my job very attentively to details and client requirements.



If there are some moments which will require to learn something unknown for me in this system I will do it without charging you.



Filipp

View details
RB
Ralph Brando 2:51 AM
Hello Filipp, did you look at my specs for sprint 1?

Filipp Otto 2:54 AM
Yeah, I've already seen your pptx.

your 65 issues are very piece of cake for me.

RB
Ralph Brando 2:56 AM
It is extremely described, maybe a bit too muched 😉 Basically there will be a nova backend and the front is breeze generated auth default routes and we have html already done so mainly integration. More registration fields and condition than default scaffolding and a "question / answer" page. My budget is 500$ for this sprint. I guess it's a 1 or 2 day job for an expert (i'm a laravel dev myself). There is 6 more sprint for this project, between 2 and 4 weeks of work each. Are you interested?

Filipp Otto 2:59 AM
yeah. It's a deal.

so your dead line is if I start this work immediately, tomorrow or the next day, right?

I am also laravel expert. I will do my best to prove it.

OK?

look forward quick answer.

RB
Ralph Brando 3:05 AM
Thank you seems a very good candidate

one question

I see on your profile you are really python oriented, Do made really a lot of project on laravel or it is a side tech for you?

and did you worked with nova

RB
Ralph Brando 3:25 AM
Are you there?

Filipp Otto 3:40 AM
oh, sorry. there was some urgent problem.

now I am ok

Yes, My core skill is python. But I am also great at Laravel.

RB
Ralph Brando Today 3:05 AM
I see on your profile you are really python oriented, Do made really a lot of project on laravel or it is a side tech for you?

To be honest, I am better in python than laravel.

I's true, I don't want to lie.

RB
Ralph Brando 4:17 AM
Are you ok with laravel nova ? When can you start ? This first sprint is considered a 2 /3 days max work. Is your code clean and commented?

Filipp Otto 4:18 AM
I am familiar with laravel nova. and I am sure my code is clean.

RB
Ralph Brando 4:20 AM
You are my favorite candidate for now, can you start away and does the deadline worries u?

Filipp Otto 4:22 AM
To be honest, I worry about deadline a bit.

I think all developer even expert must worry about deadline.

It's something like responsiblity.

aren't you?

RB
Ralph Brando 4:22 AM
Yes thats why i ask 😉

What i propose you is to start right away and professionnaly commit your work (push multiple times a day) so i can follow progress

Filipp Otto 4:25 AM
Ah, so you want to see the progress of project.

right?

RB
Ralph Brando 4:25 AM
Yes

i mean i do code review of my subcontractors every day

and i consider the usage of git mandatory and a commit made per issue not one per day 🙂

don't u agree?

Filipp Otto 4:27 AM
yeah, It's a deal/

RB
Ralph Brando 4:28 AM
and i can help on some technical questions. For example for the question builder the usage of laravel nova plugin "repeater" is the solution. I wrote it on the specs.
Can you start right away and can you work on it a full shift per day to meet deadline.

Filipp Otto 4:28 AM
I also focu on git. so clients will show the my progress of their project.

yeah, I will do my best.

to finish your project until deadline.

10 hours per day, are you satisfying?

RB
Ralph Brando 4:35 AM
totally fine

i just want to be sure its not part time

can you start today?

Filipp Otto 4:37 AM
yes, I can start immediately.

RB
Ralph Brando 4:37 AM
ok lets go

Ralph Brando sent an offer

 4:39 AM
20 hours of work
Need expert laravel who produced commented code
MUST KNOW Laravel Nova (its not optional)
HTML/CSS already done and provided



Specs already written and easy to follow and in copy of this ad

Est. Budget: $500.00

Milestone 1: 50 % deposit

Amount in escrow: $250.00

View details
hyc_specs (1)
.pptx
3.18 MB
I will need to invite you on jira and bitbucket

Filipp Otto 4:40 AM
okay

thanks

RB
Ralph Brando 4:41 AM
Your email please

Filipp Otto 4:42 AM
top.developer221@gmail.com

RB
Ralph Brando 4:42 AM
or account name if you already have one

All is sent

you have jira with all issues (sometime completed by details)

you should use that instead of the PPTX

and pass to "review column" when done

and you have bitbucket access

with a blank laravel project (you can reset the repo if u want or make a branch "sprint 1" => should be better)

Do you have any questions?

nova
.rar
1.26 MB
This is paid version of nova

RB
Ralph Brando 4:50 AM
Read issue 37 first on jira its general rules

all is ok Filipp?

RB
Ralph Brando 4:59 AM
html
.zip
1.30 MB
here is last html

this is SASS, so need to be properly put in webpack

are we all ok?

Filipp Otto 5:00 AM
All is ok.

Ralph, but I have some problem.

RB
Ralph Brando 5:00 AM
?

Filipp Otto 5:00 AM
I am not always available in Upwork.

so could you tell me your telegram or skype address?

RB
Ralph Brando 5:01 AM
my skype : ralphbrando

telegram i even prefer : +33651981247